[Autogenerated] at Globomantics u R L C Vasquez and you are
planning to implement remote state storage on S3.
Let's see how we're going to do that.
All right, So what do we need for that?
Stay storage.
Well, we need an S3 bucket and a dynamo DB table,
and we're going to create a bucket and a table for the
infrastructure account in a W s.
Now we need to grant something permissions to write to this bucket and table.
So we're going to create a group in I Am and grant that group full access to
both the infrastructure bucket and the infrastructure table so you'll be
able to write and read data to the bucket and also enable locking by
interacting with that infrastructure table.
Now, other teams might be interested in querying your state as a data source,
so they need some level of access.
So we are going to create a second group that has read only access,
and they only need that access on the infrastructure bucket and not the table,
because they're not gonna be locking the state.
They just need to be able to read some information out of the
state and then use it in their configurations.
So we've got a bucket, a table and two groups. Let's go over to visual studio code and get this all set up.